Hello this is Carol from Foxborough dot com.
And first of all congratulations if you've gotten this far doing great job you've just successfully
completed the first section of this course on programming in four.
And today I just wanted to quickly recap what we and what we've been through what we've learned so far
and give you a short overview of my website.
The website I'm building for export dot com.
And so let's let's get straight into it.
So first bomb dot com is the site where you can find these tutorials and it's kind of a blog it's it's
my first blog and I'm just posting these videos here with brief descriptions.
As you can see the last one I posted here was about the switch Pereira tutorial part of Lebanon.
And so when you click more here you can go into the actual editorial page.
And here is a quick description of what we'll be talking about in the tutorial then he's got a link
to this free tutorial on YouTube so you can watch it right on the Web site and at the bottom.
It has a source code which I think is pretty important because sometimes you you might want to have
a look at it or copy it and fiddle around with it in your own editor.
It might not be as crucial in these initial chores that we've just been through because the code is
quite short but going forward we're going to be looking at a bit more complex programs and we're going
to have multiple modules within each program so it's always good to have the code in front of your eyes
if you do need to compare.
Here I have a few pages that not many at the moment just because I'm still building the web site but
you're welcome to come visit the main one.
That would probably be of interest to you is the courses page and here I'm going to publish all the
free courses that you're welcome to take and watch either on the Web site or Nuccio bar and any other
platform where you can find them.
And we're just going to use this today too quickly.
Like as a guide to see what we've studied so far.
So in the first tutorial we looked at a whole hello world program and that that was an exciting start
especially for for you if you've no program before.
So I'm happy that we went through this hello world program and am kill for then into tural to look at
types of variables.
And here we discussed integer boolean double string color date time and other variables available variable
types variable.
Available in kill for.
That's an important and that is important to Tauriel for all foundation using variables.
Here we quickly understood how we can add subtract multiply variables how we can even add or concatenate
strings together and output all of these results.
Boolean operations and variables.
This is an important Tauriel.
I specifically decided to take boolean variables and look at them separately because they're important
in decision making processes and that's what that's going to be doing a lot of that on when trading
on the forex market.
And like for example when I say if the price is above a certain level then we'll do something if the
price below we'll do something else.
And all of that involves logical comparisons logical operations which are boolean operations and boolean
bear variables.
So next was the wild loop where we looked at our first method of creating an iterative process.
So the while loop allows you to execute a certain block of code many times and possibly modifying it
in the process so basically execute multiple iterations or a block of code to achieve certain results
or outputs multiline comments was a quick brief short lecture to introduce a convenient way of hiding
separate blocks of code that you don't need and having to delete them.
And that I think that's an important step because it makes your programming life more convenient.
Because if he just common something that's like a whole block of code and then you should decide that
you want it back you don't have to recode it again.
The for loop is similar to the While loop but it's more Haddadi and more easy to use because it aggregates
all of the administrative function within its header and it's basically up to you whether you want to
use the wild for a look.
Personally I prefer the for loop.
The if statement is it actually this part of our course is represented by three lectures if statement
else don't.
Else if statement that will come in hand-in-hand and we gradually went through it from the IF statement
to the else and then to the else statement.
Just building up on the same bit of code.
And this is a very important part of kill for because it actually this if statement if else and else
if statements they facilitate the branching out of your code.
So basically you can isolate blocks of code and only execute them when certain conditions are met.
And as you can imagine trading the Forex market or any other market for a matter of fact it's a very
important part because you are going to be looking for certain conditions try to enter or exit or modify
your positions.
And finally the switch operator which also allows you to branch higher chip program but in a bit of
a in a bit more and a bit different way and this was this is not a compulsive liar or compulsory lecture
because I would encourage you to just use the if else else.
It's because they're a bit easier to understand and modify.
So that's that.
Hope you're enjoying the course so far.
I've prepared a short quiz for you which is just under this lecture and it's basically just 10 questions
from these first 10 Tarheels and hopefully you'll get them all right or most of them right.
And that will help you recap on your knowledge and I'll see you going in the next section of this course.
And so please feel free to visit for exposure and browse around here.
Thank you.
See.